* #1: Moved files (#2)
exasol/hive-virtual-schema: doc/user_guide/hive_user_guide.md

Now register the driver in EXAOperation:

1. Click "Software"
1. Switch to tab "JDBC Drivers"
1. Click "Browse..."
1. Select JDBC driver file
1. Click "Upload"
1. Click "Add"
1. In dialog "Add EXACluster JDBC driver" configure the JDBC driver (see below)

You need to specify the following settings when adding the JDBC driver via EXAOperation.

| Parameter | Value                                               |
|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Name      | `HIVE`                                              |
| Main      | `com.cloudera.hive.jdbc41.HS2Driver`                |
| Prefix    | `jdbc:hive2:`                                       |
| Files     | `HiveJDBC41.jar`                                    |

## Uploading the JDBC Driver to EXAOperation

1. [Create a bucket in BucketFS](https://docs.exasol.com/administration/on-premise/bucketfs/create_new_bucket_in_bucketfs_service.htm)
1. Upload the driver to BucketFS

This step is necessary since the UDF container the adapter runs in has no access to the JDBC drivers installed via EXAOperation but it can access BucketFS.

## Installing the Adapter Script

> Upload the latest available release of [Virtual Schema JDBC Adapter](https://github.com/exasol/virtual-schemas/releases) to Bucket FS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload the latest available release of [Hive Virtual Schema](https://github.com/exasol/hive-virtual-schema/releases) to Bucket FS.
```

TINYINT            |  ✓        | DECIMAL(3,0)               | 
UNIONTYPE          |  ?        |                            | Not tested
VARCHAR            |  ✓        | VARCHAR                    | 

* If you want to return a DECIMAL type instead of VARCHAR when the precision > 36, you can set the property HIVE_CAST_NUMBER_TO_DECIMAL_WITH_PRECISION_AND_SCALE: 
    
    `HIVE_CAST_NUMBER_TO_DECIMAL_WITH_PRECISION_AND_SCALE='36,20'` 
    
    This will cast DECIMAL with precision > 36, DECIMAL without precision to DECIMAL(36,20).
    Please keep in mind that this will yield errors if the data in the Hive database does not fit into the specified DECIMAL type.

## Testing information

In the following matrix you find combinations of JDBC driver and dialect version that we tested.
The dialect was tested with the Cloudera Hive JDBC driver available on the [Cloudera downloads page](http://www.cloudera.com/downloads). 
The driver is also available directly from [Simba technologies](http://www.simba.com/), who developed the driver.

Virtual Schema Version| Hive Version | Driver Name | Driver Version 
----------------------|--------------|-------------|-----------------

>  4.0.3                | 2.3.2        | HiveJDBC    | 4.1

Reviewer: Please also add here the information regarding the integration test and how to run/enable it
